package BrunelSys
version v16r1

branches cmt doc
 
#=======================================================
# packages included in the BRUNEL tree
#=======================================================

# Brunel application
use Brunel              v16r1    Rec

# Brunel utilities
use BrunelKernel        v5r1p1   Rec
use BrunelSicb          v4r0     Rec
use BrunelAlgs          v1r4p1   Rec

# L0 trigger
use L0Calo              v6r1p1    L0
use L0Muon              v6r2p1    L0
use PuVeto              v4r1p1    L0
use L0DU                v6r1p1    L0

# L1 trigger
use L1VeloTrack         v3r2p1    L1

# Calorimeter
use CaloInterfaces      v2r2p1  Calo
use CaloUtils           v4r2p1  Calo
use CaloTools           v4r4    Calo
use CaloAlgs            v7r2p1  Calo
use CaloMonitor         v1r1p1  Calo
use CaloRec             v2r5p1  Calo
use CaloTrackTools      v1r4p1  Calo

# Velo
use VeloAlgorithms      v2r4p1  Velo

# Inner Tracker
use ITAlgorithms        v12r3p1 IT
use ITCheckers          v1r0p1  IT

# Outer Tracker
use OTAlgorithms        v12r1p1 OT

# Tracking
use VeloTrack           v4r2p1  Velo
use TrCheck             v1r1	Tr
use LongTrack           v1r2    Tr
use TrFitter            v3r4    Tr
use TrExtrapolator      v2r3p1  Tr
use TrTools             v2r1    Tr
use Seeding             v2r2p1  Tr 
use TrMatching          v2r3p1  Tr
use TrCleanEx           v2r2    Tr
use TrIntraPR           v2r2    Tr
use UpstreamPR          v2r3p1  Tr
use VeloTT              v1r1    Tr

# Muon
use MuonAlgs            v3r0p1  Muon
use MuonRec             v2r3    Muon
use MuonID              v3r4    Muon

# Rich
use RichMonitor         v1r2p1  Rich

# SICBDST packages
use recevt              v3r4p1   SICB
use recrich             v7r2p1   SICB

